https://www.quora.com/Which-one-is-better-HackerRank-or-LeetCode

1. HackerRank
2. Codechef
3. leetcode
4. codeforces
5. hackerearth
6. atcoder
7. CS academy
8. topcoder

1. https://www.hackerrank.com/

2. https://www.codechef.com/

3. https://leetcode.com/

4. http://codeforces.com/

5. https://www.hackerearth.com/

6. https://atcoder.jp/

7. https://csacademy.com/

8. http://www.topcoder.com

exercism (command line)
codewars (Costs money)
codingame
checkIO (gaming)
project Euler (math/algorithm focused)
Coderbyte
bitdegree
codesignal
spoj
the ai games
codility



HackerRank: An online judge platform similar to LeetCode
, which offers programming questions of varying difficulty (ranked Easy, Medium, and Hard) that is also free to its users. It also hosts programming challenges for those who like competitive programming
Sphere Online Judge (SPOJ): An online judge platform with over 640,000 registered users and over 20,000 coding problems for you to solve, as well as comprehension of a wide array of programming languages. It’s a great online judge to use if you want to become proficient at coding as well as to prepare for competitive programming
CodeChef: A global programming community that fosters learning and competition, and perhaps one of the best places to start participating in online programming competitions if you’re new to it
Topcoder: A crowdsourcing company that hosts programming contests and uses them as a recruitment center for companies that are looking for highly skilled programmers. Users can also display their skills to a global audience
GeeksforGeeks: An online portal with in-depth written articles and instructional videos on many computer science-related topics. It also offers a variety of programming questions of all difficulties
AlgoExpert: An interview prep course with 100+ common programming interview questions and detailed video explanations of the solutions to each one, which strongly explains the topics of data structures & algorithms and systems design
Tech Interview Pro: An interview prep program designed by a former Google SWE, which has in-depth video modules on both the fundamentals as well as the advanced theory of data structures & algorithms and systems design. It also has Q&A sessions with the course’s founder every two weeks, which can give you the chance to get insightful answers to your questions no matter how specific they may be
Interview Cake: A self-paced interview preparation course that focuses on strengthening the weak points a candidate has. It has detailed articles on data structures & algorithms, programming questions for you to solve, and mock interviews with immediate feedback on your performance


For example, HackerRank

is a website that has a resemblance to LeetCode, but it also offers different advantages. One of the most pertinent is that HackerRank has verified solutions for you to check at any time, while LeetCode does not. Another thing to consider is that HackerRank has an audience of companies more relevant to finance and fintech, while LeetCode’s orientation leans towards FAANG companies like Google and Amazon.

Another similar website is CodeChef, a global community dedicated to learning through competitive programming. However, CodeChef is a little more difficult to get used to if you’re a beginner, since competitive programming requires a fairly high degree of knowledge. Nevertheless, CodeChef’s community is extremely helpful, and you can definitely benefit from trying out a few of the challenges there.

If you plan to use these sites for interview preparation, though, they all share the same downfall: they don’t touch on soft skills like communication, teamwork, and leadership, despite those skills being in high demand by tech recruiters. So if your goal is to get a job at Google, Facebook, or anywhere else, you’ll probably want to combine these sites with other resources better-suited to interview prep.

One program you could try out is Tech Interview Pro
, a “how to get a job in big tech” course designed by a former Google software engineer. TIP covers data structures & algorithms, systems design, and behavioral skills across 20+ hours of instructional videos, and includes access to a private Facebook group of past students, many of whom now work at big tech firms. You could also use a site like Interviewing.io
, where you can practice mock interviews with other software engineers and get real-time feedback on your performance.